
Plan to get this to work.

* First - is there some higher level way to get to this on windows? The build deps are the bottleneck for anybody, vagrant/docker can't do windows.
    * Yes - node-ffi.
* If not - start breaking down ways to attack the issue.

## Node FFI plan

What deps does node-ffi need?
SerialPort isn't using it (directly).
Oh - that needs the VCBuild stuff too.

## Start attacking the not compiling

npm  building should work here. How can I get it.

* Windows 10 SDK did NOT have the right binaries. 
* npm-rebuild does nothing that useful.

SEtting this as install script in package.json:

    "install": "node-pre-gyp install --fallback-to-build --runtime=electron --target=1.1.0 --target_arch=x64 --directory=node_modules/serialport/ --update-binary --dist-url=https://atom.io/download/atom-shell",
(As per the link above)

Now trying the npm install gives this:

    > Electron-Serial-Experiment@0.1.0 install C:\Users\danny\Source\Repos\bounce_all_versions\electron_serial_experiment
    > node-pre-gyp install --fallback-to-build --runtime=electron --target=1.1.0 --target_arch=x64 --directory=node_modules/serialport/ --update-binary --dist-url=h
    ttps://atom.io/download/atom-shell

    node-pre-gyp ERR! Tried to download(404): https://github.com/voodootikigod/node-serialport/releases/download/3.1.2/serialport-v3.1.2-electron-v1.1-win32-x64.tar
    .gz
    node-pre-gyp ERR! Pre-built binaries not found for serialport@3.1.2 and electron@1.1.0 (electron-v1.1 ABI) (falling back to source compile with node-gyp)
    gyp WARN chdir node_modules/serialport/ is not a directory
    gyp WARN chdir node_modules/serialport/ is not a directory
    Building the projects in this solution one at a time. To enable parallel build, please add the "/m" switch.
    MSBUILD : error MSB3428: Could not load the Visual C++ component "VCBuild.exe". To fix this, 1) install the .NET Framework 2.0 SDK, 2) install Microsoft Visual
    Studio 2005 or 3) add the location of the component to the system path if it is installed elsewhere.  [C:\Users\danny\Source\Repos\bounce_all_versions\electro
    n_serial_experiment\node_modules\serialport\build\binding.sln]
    gyp ERR! build error


There is more but I think this VCBuild is what we need next.
Lets try the .net framework SDK then - I didn't see vcbuild.exe in my system anywhere.

Woah - vscode C++ support - what did it just do? Have I just gotten an easy C++ Compiler here?
No - wishful thinking. Ok.

Carry on that SDK download - V2.0 - see what it does for me.
No forget that - THIS IS BETTER:
https://github.com/Microsoft/nodejs-guidelines/blob/master/windows-environment.md#prerequisites

Global install of windows build tools. - it built.

Will it run?
Still get the dll error.
What happens if I take target out?

NO.
Okay lets remove extra crud from package:
    "scripts": {
        "rebuild" : "electron-rebuild -f -w serialport",
        "install": "node-pre-gyp install --fallback-to-build --runtime=electron --target=1.4.5 --target_arch=x64 --directory=node_modules/serialport/ --update-binary --dist-url=https://atom.io/download/atom-shell",
        "start": "electron main.js"
    },
    "devDependencies": {
        "electron-rebuild": "^1.4.5",
        "node-gyp": "^3.3.1",
        "node-pre-gyp": "^0.6.28"
    },

Then lets clean out node_modules.
Now run npm install.

Now the serial port guide for electron - https://github.com/EmergingTechnologyAdvisors/node-serialport#electron says this:

    npm install --save-dev electron-rebuild

Next - add the rebuild to the install hook:

    "scripts": {
        "install": "electron-rebuild"
    },

Now do "npm install" - this may have done a build.
Now try "npm start". Ah - no start command.
Need to add this back:

    "start": "electron main.js"

It's alive!!

# Packaging

* Try and package up
* Start with App creation - http://electron.atom.io/docs/tutorial/application-distribution/
* Then move on to the "ASAR" thingie - get it to run on my surface.

## App creation

* Downloaded the electron zip.
* Copy my main.js, package.json, index.html and node-modules files right in there. (may be able to strip it back again later...)
OUCH - destination too long.
* Retry further up - a path closer to the root. It may yet mean using a tool to flatten that tree.
* ARG - Dialog stole focus - as I was typing. what did it do?
* I double clicked and it ran. I've zipped up the folder - the zip is 115Mb. Some trimming/optimizing to do. Lets transfer it. - done
* Try NPM prune in my source dir. - does that still run? Yes.

* Try running my transferred file on the surface (serial port may need to change) - other than the serial port needing changing - that worked!

* Try going to my "out" folder and running "npm prune --production". Saved 2mb - 
* Ok - out3 - try a "dedupe". Another -2mb - this is 111mb. Not quite worth it. 
* How big is VSCode? 34Mb.... Hmmm.
* Can I remove the electron bits from the node-modules dir in that out3 to make out4? Yes - it still lives. Zip it up. 60.42Mb - HALVED IT!

* NExt step automating this - the main concern here is that path length - tomorrow - try and do that path length unlimit, or work closer to root.